# Space - A Lost Hope

## 00001

It was getting nowhere. Jack's efforts to escape the harsh realities of the off-world colonies seemed more and more futile with each passing year. Almost 30 now, he often reflected on the decade he spent doing outer-space construction work. Except for a couple of off-days per month, he was day-in and day-out sweating away in a space suit while doing things like welding large pieces of metal together, assembling space modules, or transporting raw materials to and from various docking stations. The off-days he had were usually spent in Virtual Reality, his mind aimlessly wondering around while his body received the badly needed rest. It was a nightmare. He couldn't really do anything about it, because of the fact that his parents came from the A1 generation. The Interstellar Rules stated that, due to scarce space resources, and the developing nature of space colonization, all the A generation folks were tied to a specific quadrant. A specific quadrant usually meant a specific field of work. His parents, and therefore he himself, were the (un)lucky ones who got the "ship-yard" part of the Earth Space Alliance (ESA). The ESA consisted of 19 quadrants, each responsible for maintaining some part of humanity's ever growing space colonization outreach. Jack's quadrant was among the toughest, harshest, and deadliest. Worse was only Quadrant No. 3 (or Q3 for short), nicknamed as "space trash" or "recycler" among the common people. Jack hated this system from as far back as he could remember. With the first words that he started to recognize as spoken by his parents, to the conversations about inequality embedded into humanity and the bad fate that was "stuck" to billions of people. There was no end in sight. All hope seemed to be lost of a better world. A better life.
